Princess, what are you doing?
Princess
how
Do you kill first and then swallow?
Or swallow first and then kill?
Swallow then kill
But I think
It's better to kill first and then swallow
Then I will kill you.
Good princess
Give me a chance to make meritorious deeds
Liang Wangfu will not let us go
Only I can cure the king
Could it be that you can still let your father abolish him?
I can not only make the emperor abolish King Liang
I can still make you a queen
Empress
OK, that's a deal.
Haven't you always wanted to sleep with me?
If you make me queen
I will make you my queen
Let you make the world better
I want to be a girl brother
How is that possible?
I'm not a fairy
He can do things like corona him
Or take him with you?
He knows martial arts